* WILD_SURGE_FUMBLE
Caster and Target are soul switched! Life Transferance!
Caster is Slowed for 1 turn. Spell Goes off Normally
Knock spell centered on caster. Spell Goes off Normally.
The caster immediatelly cast 1d4 random spells that s/he currently has memorized, at random targets, otherwise centered on caster.
Caster permanently loses one spell chosen randomly (Can relearn at next level).
Green Slime rains over the target for 1d4 rounds (creatures within 5' of target save versus breath weapon or be hit).
Advanced Illusion of a Fireball centered on caster.
Caster's next spell cast at 0th level. Spell goes off Normally
Caster bursts into flames, taking 2d6 in damage.
Hostile creatures within 60' of the caster gain 2 * spell level in hit points
Friendly creaturs within 60' of the caster lose 2 * spell level in hit points. Spell Goes off Normally.
The caster's weapons flee from him/her as per the Frisky Chest spell.
Target is hasted. No Aging
The ground opens up and swallows the caster to the neck. Spell Goes off Normally.
Caster must save versus breath weapon or find his/her lungs filled with water.  If the saving throw is failed, the caster can do nothing but cough and sputter for 1d4 rounds.
Caster bursts into flames for 1d4 rounds. Any creature within 10' of caster take 2d6 in fire damage, creatures touching the caster take 3d6 fire damage. The caster is unharmed, but his belongings must save versus magical fire or burn.
Caster Ages 1d10 years.
Caster bursts into flames, taking 2d6 in damage.
All creatures slain by the caster during the last day rise up as free willed undead and attempt to destroy him/her. The undead have all their original abilities and skills, and need no food or sleep. If the caster is slain, the undead created by the surge turn to ash.
Caster must make a system shock or pass out for 1d4 rounds. .
Confusion centered on caster.
The fumble triggers the casting of another memorized spell (chosen randomly)..
Caster's casts spells at 1d4 levels lower for next turn.
All gold within 60' turns to acid causing 1 hit point of damage for every coin that is touching a creature.
All gold in the caster's possession turns to acid causing 1 hit point of damage for every coin the caster is carrying.
Caster loses 1d10 hit points which are transfered to target. May regain through normal healing.
All creatures within 60' of caster save versus spell or Forget. They will not know why they are attacking, or where they are.
A free willed Simulacrum of the caster appears 3' in front of the caster; the simulacrum has 65% of the caster's knowledge and abilities, and 50% of the caster's level.
All gold in the caster's possession turns to water.
The caster's DEX drops by 1d4 points for 1 turn.
The caster's INT drops to 3 points for 1 turn.
Target must save versus breath weapon or find his/her lungs filled with water.  If the saving throw is failed, the target can do nothing but cough and sputter for 1d4 rounds.
Caster is paralyzed for 1d4+2 rounds. .
Caster's next spell is cast at 1d4 levels lower.
Some part of the caster becomes permanently invisible (hand, ear, toes, etc.) Dispel Magic to reverse.
Every creature within 60' of caster are teleported to nearest large body of water. Lake, Ocean, Sea.
All creatures in a 20 yard sphere centered on caster become Invisible.
Target sprouts wings and can fly at 24" MC A.
The ground beneath the caster becomes slippery as if Greased. Spell goes off normally
Cloud Kill Centered on caster.
Every creature within 60' of caster are teleported to 50' above the nearest large body of water. Lake, Ocean, Sea.
Target and Caster are palced in a bubble of force 20' diameter, 10' above the ground for 1d4 rounds.
Every creature within 60' of caster are teleported to the nearest frozen waste area. Artic area.
All creatures within 120 yards of the caster are randomly teleported without error to a position not more than 120 yards form the caster.
The target, if able to cast spells, casts them all (targeted at the caster).
The ground between the caster and target becomes molten lava. All creatures touching the 5' wide strip of lava must make a dexterity check  to get away (keep rolling until you make the check and take 3d6 in fire damage every round the check is failed).
A geyser erupts midway between caster and target. Anyone within 10 feet take 2d6 in damage from boiling water.
Continual Darkness spell. Centered on the caster.
A hemisphere 120 yards in diameter centered between target and caster is filled with dense fog, cutting visibility to 1 foot within the region.
A Monster Summoning I goes off. All creatures summoned immediatly attack the caster.
Continual Heat spell 20' radius centered on caster causing 1d4 of damage per round. Lasts 1d4 rounds.
Several (1d4+1) Monster Summoning III goes off. All creatures summoned immediatly attack the closest creature. Summoned creatures appear 2d10 feet from caster in random directions for each group.
The caster's INT drops by 1d4 points for 1 turn. Roll again.
Caster grows fangs like a vampire. The fangs enable him to bite to attack for 1d3, but reduce the caster's charisma by 1. The fangs can be removed by a cure disease spell. If the caster has fangs already, rolling this surge again will remove them (Toggle).
All the casters posesions are affected by the Wraithform Spell which last for 1d4+4 rounds.
All non-friendly creatures within 60' of caster are taunted (as per spell)
Caster forgets 2 spells memorized for every spell level of spell casting. Random. Spell goes off normally
The caster's finger-nails grow to 12 inches in length. Cannot cast spells until trimmed.
Any lightning that passes within 20' of caster immediatly hits caster for half damage as if grounded (Even Chain Lightning).
Advanced Illusion of a Wall of Fire surrounding caster.
Caster must save versus spell or suffer lycanthropy (type of lycanthropy is chosen to match caster's alignment as closely as possible). If the caster is already a lycanthrope, this surge removes the disease (Toggle).
The caster's teeth turn into a white, unbreakable stone. He/she can chew through just about anything (including soft metals), can bite to attack for 1d3, and never gets a cavity again.
Caster acts as a missle attraction target. All missles that pass within 25' will strike caster.
Caster is sealed in an extra dimensional pocket (as per Rope Trick) for the duration of the spell (to a minimum of 2d4 rounds).
All creatures in a 15' radius receive a Heal spell. Centered 15' feet in front of the caster.
The next 1d4+1 spell cast by the caster will fumble. Spell goes off normally
All spells cast by the caster during the next 24 hours will generate a wild surge.
Target is replicated if possible (artifacts, relics, and unique creatures are not replicated).
Caster gains a +1 to all saving throws for the next 24 hours
Target's next attack results in a crit.
All items carried by the caster turns invisible. The caster does not!
Caster's clothes change color to match their surroundings for the next turn, making him/her harder to hit. Melee attacks are at -2, missile attacks at -4.
If target is a spell caster, then the next 1d4 spells cast will work normally, but also have a wild surge effect. Otherwise no unusally effect.
No unusaual effect.
A Simulacrum of the caster appears in the caster's place, and the caster is teleported randomly out of sight (no further away than necessary); the simulacrum is under the caster's control.
A Monster SummoningI II goes off. All creatures summoned immediatly attack the caster.
Any lightning that passes within 20' of caster immediatly hits caster for quarter damage as is grounded (Even Chain Lightning).
Caster's next spell is cast at 1d4 levels higher.
A wild surge centered on caster.
A force cage appears around the caster.
Caster is effected by a Faerie Fire Spell. . Roll again.
Stinking Cloud centered on caster 10th level.
Caster is tunned for 1d4 rounds.
Spell goes off Centered on caster.
Reversal of spell goes off centered on caster. If the spell is a non-reversable spell then a wild surge is centered on caster.
Caster forgets 1 spell memorized for every spell level of spell casting. Random.
Spell is internalized. Caster takes 1 point of damage for every spell level cast.
A Monster Summoning III goes off. All creatures summoned immediatly attack the closest creature. Summoned creatures appear 2d10 feet from caster in random directions for each one appearing.
Spell is internalized. Caster takes 2 points of damage for every spell level cast.
Target gains a +1 for saves from any spells cast by the caster for the next turn.
Caster can cast two spells in the next round with a casting time of 1 each.
Caster is effected by 2d12 mirror images (as per spell)
Target is protected by Spell Turning for the next turn.
Caster saves at -2 for next 1d4 turns.
Target is effected by a double stoneskin.
All slain creatures within 60 feet of the caster receive a Raise Dead spell. Roll again.
A Monster Summoning IV goes off. All creatures summoned immediatly attack the caster.
Caster gains +15% magic resistance.
Caster regains previous cast spell.
Caster is protected by Spell Turning for the next turn.
