A bold and dashing adventure is in your future within the year.
Absence sharpens love, but presence strengthens it.
A cautious person leaves no stones unturned.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Accept the next job offer you get.
A chance meeting opens new doors to success and friendship.
A charming friendship is in the making.
A cheerful greeting is on its way.
A cheerful heart makes its own song.
A cheerful message is on its way to you.
Achieving peace of mind is a most worthwhile goal.
A close friend will help you find a hidden talent.
A confidential tip will clue you in to a great financial deal.
Act as if it were impossible to fail.
Action is worry's worst enemy.
Actions speak louder than words.
A cynic is a person who looks down at those above.
A dark haired woman will soon be giving you a gift.
A distance romance could begin to look more promising.
Adjust finances - make budgets to improve your financial standing.
A dream is just a dream. A goal is a dream with a plan and a deadline.
A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given a chance.
A dream you have today will come true tomorrow.
Adventure can be a real happiness.
Advice comes in all forms; some help you and some hurt you.
Advice given to you will be well worth following.
A financial investment will yield returns beyond your hopes.
A financial investment will yield returns beyond your wildest hopes.
A financial venture may turn a profit sooner than expected.
A friend asks only for your time and not money.
A friend will be important to you and your forthcoming success.
A gambler not only will lose what he has, but also will lose what he doesn't have.
Age can never hope to win you while your heart is young.
A good beginning is half the task.
A good beginning is half the task.
A good evening is one spent in good company.
A good evening is one spent in good company.
A good time to start something new.
A great man never ignores the simplicity of a child.
A great pleasure in life is doing what others say you can't.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
Aim high in hope and work.
A kind word warms for three winters.
A letter of great importance may reach you any day now.
A liar is not believed even when telling the truth.
A lifestyle is what you pay for; a life is what pays you.
A lifestyle is what you pay for; a life is what pays you.
A lifetime of happiness lies ahead of you.
All decisions you make today will be most fortunate.
All generalities are false.
All generalities are false.
All the news you receive will be positive and uplifting.
All the world may not love a lover but they will be watching him.
All your hard work will pay off soon.
A long time admirer thinks highly of you.
A loved one is of utmost importance at this time.
A love relationship takes on added dimension.
Although it feels like a roller coaster now, life will calm down.
Always, always practice humanity.
Always begin with an end in mind.
Always remember where you are going and never forget where you've been.
A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he gives up.
A man who trims himself to suit everybody will soon whittle himself away.
A man without aim is like a clock without hands, as useless if it turns as if it stands.
A member of your family will soon make you proud.
A modest man never talks to himself.
An admirer is concealing his affection for you.
An admirer is too shy to greet you.
An aim in lie is the only fortune worth finding.
An attempt at something new will be incredibly rewarding.
A need is really a strong want.
An emptiness will soon be filled.
An enjoyable vacation is awaiting you very soon.
An important discussion about you will take place today.
An important discussion involving you will take place today.
An old friend will introduce you to new people and pleasures.
An optimist is one who makes the best of it when he gets the worst of it.
An outstanding opportunity will soon present itself to you.
Answers that sound good aren't necessarily good sound answers.
An unexpected visitor will bring you good blessings.
An unusual dream will come true.
Anything worth doing can be done.
Any troubles you may have will pass very shortly.
A peaceful mind generates power.
A person is never too old to learn.
A pleasant journey to places far away.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
A problem clearly stated is a problem half solved.
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day.
A refreshing change is in your future.
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another.
A scientific discovery will make a difference in your life.
Ask advice from everyone, but act with your own mind.
Ask not what your fortune cookie can do for you but what you can do for your fortune cookie.
A smile increases your face value.
A smile is a universal communication between two people.
A smile is nearly always inspired by another smile.
A smile is the shortest distance between two people.
As the wallet grows, so do the needs.
A sweet surprise awaits you.
At 20 years of age the will reigns, at 30 the wit, at 40 the judgment.
A tempting proposal will soon present itself to you.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
A tidy sum is coming your way.
A truly great person never puts away the simplicity of a child.
Attention is the mother of memory.
Avoid agreeing with people merely to keep peace.
Avoid focusing on the negative aspects of the past.
Avoid misunderstanding by keeping your ears open.
Avoid remembering negative aspects of the past.
Avoid scattering your energies.
Awaken your divine nature within.
A way out of a financial mess is discovered as if by magic!
A way out of a financial mess is discovered as if by magic!
A wish will be granted after a long delay.
Be a first rate version of yourself, not a second rate version of someone else.
Be alert, practical and honest.
Beauty will surround you - open your eyes to see it.
Be careful and systematic in your business arrangements.
Be careful! Bees with honey in their mouths, have stingers on their tails.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Be careful what you wish for - you just might get it.
Be considerate of your teachers.
Be flexible! Opportunities for success are all around you.
Be generous, and the favor will be returned.
Begin nothing until you have considered how it is to be finished.
Being aware of your fears will improve your life.
Being with loved ones is the basis for real security.
Being yourself is always the best fashion.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting their battle too.
Be merry and wise.
Be patient, pleasant and open and you will see more truths.
Be patient - think, listen and heed signs for personal gain.
Be prepared to modify your plan.
Be prepared to modify your plan. It'll be good for you!
Be prepared to receive something special.
Be prepared to receive something special with no strings attached.
Be smart, but never show it.
Be sure to handle financial affairs wisely.
Better signs are approaching.
Be willing to be uncomfortable. Be comfortable being uncomfortable. It may get tough.
Be willing to give the extra effort that separates the winner from the one in second place.
Be yourself and you will always be in fashion.
Be yourself. No one is more qualified.
Big fortunes fall from the sky. Small fortunes come from saving.
Big words often hide small ideas.
Broke is only temporary, poor is a state of mind.
Build bridges not walls.
Business trips bring excellent results, especially for sales.
By the work one knows the worker.
By working hard, you get to play hard guilt-free.
Calamity is the touchstone of a brave mind.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Change your thoughts and you change the world.
Charity begins at home, and justice begins next door.
Children will play an important role in your life.
Chill while you can, big project is coming your way.
Cleaning up the past will always clear up the future!
Conceptualize. Organize. Sell. Then Do.
Confession of our faults is the next thing to innocence.
Consolidate your interest while the lights are active.
Cooperate with those who have both know-how and high integrity.
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
Courtesy pays.
Curiosity is life.
Dare to dream, hope, believe, seek, feel, find, and love.
Demonstrate refinement in everything you do.
Disasters can become blessings. Blessings can become disasters.
Dispel negativity through creative activities.
Dogs have owners, cats have staff.
Do not burden yourself with trivial matters.
Do not display your treasures, or people will become envious.
Do not dwell on differences with a loved one - try to compromise.
Do not fear failure.
Do not let others take advantage of you.
Don't be afraid to take that big step.
Don't be hasty, prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Don't behave with cold manners.
Don't get so caught up in the daily grind that you never find any time to enjoy yourself.
Don't ignore your needs in the area of new challenges.
Don't just spend time. Invest it.
Don't let unexpected situations throw you.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Don't pursue happiness - create it.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
Don't slam the door you may want to pass back through.
Don't wait for others to open the right doors for you.
Don't wait for success, start ahead without it.
Don't wait for your ship to come in; swim out to it.
Don't waste time on what might have been.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end. It's already tomorrow in Australia.
Do the right thing because it is right. Have the courage to face it.
Do the thing you fear and the death of fear is certain.
Doubt is the beginning, not the end, of wisdom.
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
Do what is right, not what you should.
Do what you love and the necessary resources will follow.
Do you know that the busiest person has the largest amount of time?
Do you want to be a power in the world? Then be yourself.
Dreams and reality do not always mix.
Dwelling on the negative contributes to its power.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
Education and intelligence aren't the same thing!
Education will never be as expensive as ignorance.
Enhance your karma by being kind to everyone you encounter.
Enjoy life! It is better to be happy than wise.
Enjoy the lighter things in life and deeper joys will follow.
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
Every action has a counter action. Just if you can see it or not.
Every adversity carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
Every artist was first an amateur.
Everyone agrees you are the best.
Everyone has ambitions.
Everyone is interested in people who are interested in them.
Everything is impossible until somebody does it.
Everything should be made as simple as possible ... but not simpler.
Everything will come your way.
Everything you do, you do to make your heart sing.
Everywhere you choose to go, friendly faces will greet you.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go!
Executive ability is prominent in your make up.
Executive ability is prominent in your makeup.
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want.
Explore an unpaved road with a new friend.
Explore your own world by working together with your friends.
Failure is the mother of success.
Fame and fortune are coming your way.
Fate will find a way.
Fate will find a way.
Fear is just excitement in need of an attitude adjustment.
Fear is the root of all evil.
Fight for it. You will come out on the top.
Financial hardship in your life is coming to an end!
Find release from your cares. Have a good time.
First they ignore you, then they attack you, then you win.
For a good cause, wrongdoing may be virtuous.
Forge ahead with your new ideas.
Forget yesterday: Tomorrow will be a golden day for you.
Fortune favours the brave.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
From the garden of your dreams many things can grow.
Generosity and perfection are everlasting goals.
Generosity and perfection are your assets and they show.
Genius is more work than genius.
Get ready for a daring adventure.
Get your mind set... Confidence will lead you on.
Give yourself some peace and quiet for at least a few hours.
Give yourself some peace and quiet for at least a few hours.
Go after what you want; there's no time like the present.
God gave man limited ability, but unlimited ambition and desire.
Golden invenstment opportunities are arising.
Good beginning is half done.
Good fortune in love as well as a better position.
Good health will be yours for a long time.
Good luck is a hop, skip, and jump away. Hop to it!
Good luck is often with the man who doesn't include it in his plans.
Good news is on its way.
Good news is on its way.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure.
Goods that are not shared are not goods.
Good things are being said about you.
Good things are coming to you in due course of time.
Good things come in invisible packages. You will be delighted.
Good things will come to you in due time.
Go to the elders when you feel a confidence crisis.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others.
Great men live dangerously, small men don't take chances.
Great things happen when men and mountains meet.
Greed leads to poverty.
Happier days are just ahead.
Happiness is a state of mind.
Happiness is coming from an unexpected source.
Happiness is enjoying what you got. Never from what you want.
Happiness is in your future.
Happiness surrounds your events this week.
Happy events will soon take place in your home.
Happy news is on its way to you.
Hardly anyone knows how much is gained by ignoring the future.
Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy.
Haste makes waste.
Having more money does not insure happiness.
Health and happiness are in your destiny.
He deserves paradise who makes his companions laugh.
He that gives should not remember, he that receives should never forget.
He who knows the most says the least.
He who seeks will find.
Hold yourself well in control; you will hear comforting news.
Honor is your greatest reward.
Hope is the most precious treasure to a person.
How dark is dark? How wise is wise?
Hugs are life's rainbows.
If I bring forth what is inside me, what I bring forth will save me.
If it is meant to be, who are you to change that? It's time to believe it.
If strength were all, tiger would not fear scorpion.
If the idea you had three days ago still looks good, do it!
If there are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important.
If we are all worms, try to be a glow worm.
If we do not change our direction, we are likely to end up where we are headed.
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it.
If you can shape it in your mind, you will find it in your life.
If you carry your childhood with you, you never become older.
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
If you keep silent, no one can misquote you.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
If your cookie is in 3 pieces, the answer is no.
If you think you're too small to be effective, you have never been in bed with a mosquito.
If you want to succeed in business, avoid "business as usual."
If you want to win anything – a race, your self, your life – you have to go a little berserk.
Ignorance on fire is better than knowledge on ice.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
Impatience may be appropriate at this time.
Impulsiveness where money is concerned, is not your style.
In charity, as the purse is emptied, the heart is filled.
Inch-by-inch, life's a cinch. Yard-by-yard, it's very hard.
Including others in your life will bring you great happiness.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Investigate new possibilities with friends. Now is the time!
In words of love a little exaggeration is OK.
It doesn't matter. Who is without a flaw?
It is better to have a hen tomorrow than an egg today.
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
It is more difficult to judge oneself than to judge others.
It is much easier to be critical than to create.
It is not the person who has too little, but the person who always craves more, that is poor.
It is not the strong but the responsive that survive.
It is proper to speak the truth.
It is sometimes better to travel hopefully than to arrive.
It is the hope and dreams we have that make us great.
It is time to help a friend in need.
It is very good karma to practice random acts of kindness.
It's definitely a day for work, not play, so don't be tempted.
It's in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
It's not the having, it's the getting.
It's not the hours you put in, but what you put into the hours that count.
It's not the years in your life, but the life in your years that count.
It's okay to slow down and smell the roses.
It's tempting to make promises, but can you fulfill them all?
It's time to treat yourself to something special.
It's time you asked that special someone out on a date.
I was when I found out I could make mistakes that I knew I was on to something.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Judge not according to the appearance.
Just because you put tap shoes on an elephant does not mean it can dance.
Keep an ear open at work. An opportunity may come up.
Keep in touch with some form of the arts.
Keep the promises that you make.
Keep up the good work. You will be rewarded.
Keep your eyes open, and take advantage of the unexpected.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
Keep your ideas flexible, and don't ignore details.
Kind words cost nothing.
Know a person with time; know a horse with distance.
Learn how to refuse favors.
Lend a hand to one less fortunate than yourself.
Let us train our minds to desire what the situation demands.
Let your hook be always cast. In the pool where you least expect it, will be fish.
Life is a play. It's not its length, but its performance that counts.
Life is a verb.
Life is both complicated and very simple at the same time.
Life is not a problem to be solved but rather a mystery to be lived.
Life to you is a dashing and bold adventure.
Linger over dinner discussions this week for needed advice.
Listen attentively. You will come out ahead in the next few days.
Listen carefully. An upcoming important message may be subtle.
Listen often to the quiet voice within.
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
Live for the moment, because there is only one result in life.
Look around and you will find the greatest treasure of all, friendship.
Look for the beauty in simplicity.
Look forward to a new adventure.
Look in the right places; you will find some good offerings.
Look towards the future, but not so far as to miss today.
Lotto or not? That is the question.
Love is a friendship set to music.
Love is around the corner.
Love is like sweet nectarine, good to the last drop.
Love is the affinity which links and draws together the elements of the world.
Love is the law, love under will.
Luck is coming your way.
Luck is with you now. Act upon your instincts.
Luck will soon come your way.
Luck will visit you on the next full moon.
Man's mind is not a container to be filled but rather a fire to be kindled.
Many people will be drawn to you for your wisdom and insights.
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it.
Measure how far you've come, not where you came from.
Meekness is not weakness.
Minutes are worth more than money. Spend them wisely.
Money is gratifying, not satisfying.
Move forward.
Never be less than your dreams.
Never doubt logical things.
Never forget a friend, especially if he owes you.
Never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
Never say never.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially big issues.
Next week, your lucky color will be green!
No one ever went out of business because of low overhead.
No one is happy who does not think himself so.
Not every soil can bear all things. Be practical.
Nothing in the world is accomplished without passion.
Nothing in the world is difficult if one sets his mind to it.
Now is a good time to finish up old tasks.
Now is the time to make new plans.
Observe; listen; think; feel; use your intuition - then speak.
Old friends, old wines, and old gold are best.
One can never know the best that is in him.
One look is worth ten thousand words.
One should count each day a separate life.
One who laughs at oneself will not be laughed at by others.
Only tears can bring a dreamer back to earth.
Only the mediocre are always at their best.
Opportunities surround you if you know where to look.
Opportunity will soon knock. When it does, answer the door!
Others appreciate your expressive qualities.
Others appreciate your good sense of humor.
Others are anxious to get to know you better.
Others are attracted to your endearing warmth.
Others are drawn to your magnetic personality.
Others are impressed with your inner beauty.
Others enjoy your radiance.
Others find your charm irresistible.
Others recognize your sweet nature.
Others see you as lively, friendly and witty.
Others will be impressed with your generosity.
Others will take notice of your positive attitude.
Out of confusion comes new patterns.
Pardon is the choicest flower of victory.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
People say you have sharp sense and superb intellect.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.
Pleasant surroundings and a happy time await you.
Politeness costs nothing and gains everything.
Practice is the best of all instructors.
Progress is risky. You can't steal second and keep your foot on first.
Promote literacy. Buy a box of fortune cookies today!
Prosperity belongs to those who can learn new things the fastest.
Prosperity makes friends; adversity tries them.
Pure pleasure is found in useful work.
Rare experiences will enrich your life.
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together as they do in you.
Reach for the high apples first; you can get the low ones any time.
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
Relax and enjoy yourself.
Remember one month from this date. Good things are in store for you.
Remember three months from this date. Good things are in store for you.
Romance comes to life this year in a very unusual sort of way.
Second thoughts are often wiser than first impressions.
Seek elegance rather than luxury, refinement instead of fashion.
See the beauty in everything.
Seize from every moment its uniqueness.
Selflessness is the ultimate power.
Self-trust is the first secret to success.
Sell your ideas - they have exceptional merit.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
Service is the rent you pay for having room on the Earth.
Sift through your past to get a better idea of the present.
Silence is a virtue. Especially dinner time, from telemarketers.
Sing and rejoice, fortune is smiling on you.
Sitting towards the East may bring you good fortune.
Smile often and see what happens.
Socially, you will be involved with an enjoyable event.
Someone is interested in you. Keep your eyes open.
Someone is speaking well of you at this very moment!
Someone's kindness will surprise and delight you.
Someone special admires you.
Someone thinks you are wonderfully mysterious.
Someone with blue eyes admires you.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Someone you have overlooked in the past will cause great changes in your life.
Some people never have anything except ideas. Go do it.
Some say faith is nowhere. Some say faith is now here.
Something special will happen at home soon.
Something wonderful is about to happen to you.
Soon, others will need your leadership and inspiration.
Soon you will be getting the recognition you deserve.
Spring has sprung. Life is blooming.
Stand up for what you believe in even if it's not popular.
Step by step you will ascend the staircase to success.
Stop searching forever – happiness is just next to you.
Stop searching. Happiness will come to you.
Stop waiting! Buy that ticket, and take a trip today!
Stop waiting! Buy that ticket. Take that special trip.
Strike iron while it is hot.
Success and happiness will come your way.
Success and wealth are in your fate.
Success comes with self-acceptance.
Success is in starting a new project at work.
Success is in the details.
Success will come with patience.
Take a trip with a friend.
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.
Take care and sensitive you show towards others will return to you.
Take that chance you've been considering.
Take the honorable path and you cannot go wrong.
Tell me, I will forget. Involve me, I will understand.
That long-sought opportunity will soon arise.
That special someone loves to see the light in your eyes.
The best exercise for the heart is to reach down and help someone up.
The best profit of future is the past.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
The biggest lies are those that you tell yourself.
The coming month shall bring you much happiness.
The cure for grief is motion.
The day only gets better.
The evening will bring romance.
The expedient thing and the right thing are seldom the same thing.
The eyes believe themselves, the ears believe other people.
The face of nature reflects all of life's ups and downs.
The fun side of a relationship begins to unfold.
The gift is not as precious as the thought.
The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.
The greatest perception is continual awareness.
The greatest quality is seeking to serve others.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
The healthy and strong individual is the one who asks for help when he needs it.
The heart has its reasons, which the reason does not know.
The heart is a better judge than the intellect.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
The joyfulness of a man prolongs his day.
The measure of time to your next goal is the measure of your discipline.
The memory of bad quality lasts longer than the shock of high prices.
The mightiest oak in the forest is just a little nut that held its ground.
The mysterious side of your nature makes you most alluring.
The next time someone insults you, fail to notice it. You will show more class for doing so.
The one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to cringe.
The one who recognizes the illusion, does not act as if it is real.
The only good is knowledge and the only evil ignorance.
The only way to love a friend is to be one.
The purpose of life is to live a life of purpose.
The really great man is the man who makes everyone feel great.
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all undimmed.
There appear to be many clouds; but they quickly pass.
There are many new opportunities that are being presented to you.
There are no bad days; some are just better than others.
There are no limitations in imagination.
There is a prospect of a thrilling time ahead for you.
There is just one life for each of us: our own.
There is nothing permanent except change.
There is nothing that costs so little nor goes so far as courtesy.
There is no time like the pleasant.
There is only one happiness in life: to love and be loved.
There's a secret romance blooming! Go for it, in spite of your hesitation.
There's nothing like good food, good wine, and a good mate.
The road before you is long. Drive safely.
The secret that leads to many goals is tenacity.
The skills you have gathered will one day come in handy.
The smart thing is to prepare for the unexpected.
The star of riches is shining upon you.
The strengths in your character will bring you serenity.
The surest way to have nothing to give is to give nothing.
The thought that leads to no action is not thought - it is dreaming.
The time is always right to do what is right.
The time is right to make new friends.
The time is right to reach your goals.
The trouble with resisting temptation is it may never come again.
The universe does not have laws; it has habits, and habits can be broken.
The way to get to the top is to get off your bottom.
They can because they think they can.
They fail, and they alone, who have not striven.
They that sow in tears shall reap in joy.
Things are not always what they seem.
Things are turning for the bright side.
This is a time for caution, but not for fear.
This is the year when ingenuity stands high on the list.
This year will bring you much happiness.
This year your highest priority will be your family.
Those who laugh loud also cry hard.
Though I am not naturally honest, I am so sometimes by chance.
Time and patience are called for, many surprises await you!
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.
Time is the means that prevents everything from happening at once.
Time is the wisest counselor.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
Today is a good day for being with a companion.
Today, put away the diplomat in order to protect your own interests.
Today you should be the leader. Things will go your way.
To go too far is as bad as to fall short.
Toil a while ... endure a while ... believe always ... and never turn back.
Tomorrow is a good day for trying something new.
To see an old friend is as agreeable as a good meal.
Traveling more often is important for your health and happiness.
Traveling this year will bring your life into greater perspective.
True ideas possess greater ultimate power than physical might.
Trust him, but still keep your eyes open.
Trust yourself and anything you do will be right.
Try deviating from routine this weekend.
Trying to outsmart everybody is the greatest folly.
Try to channel excess energies into rejuvenation.
Try to smile always.
Understand yourself so you may understand others.
Unnecessary possessions are unnecessary burdens.
Use your finest talents.
Use your natural versatility to keep from being bored.
Use your talents. That's what they are intended for.
Utility is when you have plumbing, luxury is when you have a pool.
Versatility is one of your outstanding traits.
Volunteering your time is true giving.
Watch impulsiveness and a preference for something new just because it is different.
Watch your relations with other people carefully, be reserved.
We all smile in the same language.
Wealth and honor will come to you soon.
Wealth is a means to an end ... not the end itself.
Wealth is in your future.
Wealth without wisdom is a fools' paradise
We can learn from everyone, especially our enemies.
Weigh your ideas carefully, they may make you rich.
We judge others by actions; we judge ourselves by intentions.
Welcome each day as a fresh new beginning.
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
We rarely find that people have good sense unless they agree with us.
What is to give light must endure the burning.
What's more important – your goal, or others' opinions of your goal?
What we acquire without sweat we give away without regret.
What you see in the mirror, and what you are can be two different images.
What you think is a problem is an opportunity for growth.
When one door closes, another will open.
When opportunity knocks, answer the door.
When the moment comes, take the one from the right.
When winter comes heaven will rain success on you.
Whether you choose love or fame, you'll be able to handle either or both.
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is?
Why simply live and let live? Live and help live.
Wisdom is only found in truth.
Woman's intuition is like feathers on an arrow – it may help the flight to truth.
Worries will vanish if you tackle them bravely.
You add an aesthetic quality to everything you do.
You are acutely sensitive to your environment.
You are affectionate and loyal to those you love.
You are a good influence on others.
You are alert to the events and feelings around you.
You are always welcome in any gathering.
You are an angel. Beware of those who collect feathers.
You are bold and daring; others admire these qualities in you.
You are both ingenious and methodical.
You are both loyal and self-reliant.
You are both sociable and charming.
You are broad minded and socially active.
You are capable, competent, creative and careful.
You are capable of seeing a philosophic meaning in the everyday events of life.
You are capable of tremendous creativity.
You are careful and systematic.
You are cheerful and well-liked.
You are competent and careful.
You are contemplative and analytical by nature.
You are courteous, diplomatic, and affable and may find happiness in politics and public service.
You are deeply attached to your family.
You are direct, and others often appreciate this quality in you.
You are enterprising - take advantage of it.
You are far more influential than you think.
You are generous, affectionate and impulsive.
You are going to pass a difficult test.
You are good-natured, practical and firm in your point of view.
You are headed for a promotion.
You are headed in the right direction. Trust your instincts.
You are heading for a land of sunshine.
You are imaginative in using your skills.
You are imbued with extraordinary vitality.
You are incredibly clever. Others often come to you for advice.
You are kind and trustworthy. Others often count on you.
You are kind-hearted and hospitable.
You are more intuitive than logical. You often learn better by doing than by theorizing first.
You are naturally competitive.
You are naturally high-spirited and confident. Others admire these qualities in you.
You are never bitter, deceptive or petty.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
You are of double character. And active socialite and a serious thinker.
You are one of the people who will go places in life.
You are optimistic and outgoing.
You are practical and down to earth.
You are sensitive, sympathetic and considerate.
You are sincere about your principles and approach life with vigor.
You are sociable and can get along with anyone.
You are sociable and entertaining.
You are strong and sensitive.
You are strongly goal-directed.
You are sympathetic to the problems of others.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the center of every group's attention.
You are the flexible person in your present situation.
You are the guiding star of his existence.
You are the life of any party.
You are the master of every situation.
You are very persistent in pursuing your goals in life.
You are very wealthy, but you don't know it.
You are what you think about.
You are your wisest counselor.
You believe in the goodness of people.
You can combine practicality, charm, and perseverance with a creative touch.
You can never really have something until you give it away.
You cannot eat your cake and have it too.
You cannot put the same shoe on every foot. Try amending your plan.
You can open doors with a combination of charm and patience.
You can prosper in the field of computers.
You can prosper in the field of medical research.
You can readily adjust to a new environment.
You can talk your way out of almost anything.
You can't ride in all directions at one time.
You can't solve problems for those people who don't want their problem solved.
You can undertake and complete anything.
You can work both alone or with others.
You change the world with each thought, word, and action.
You communicate a sense of harmony to others.
You could prosper in the field of wacky inventions.
You create your own stage. The audience is waiting.
You deserve respect and will eventually get it.
You deserve to have a good time after a hard day's work.
You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success.
You enjoy giving gifts of yourself to others, you will be rewarded!
You excel at technical work.
You find beauty in ordinary things. Appreciate this gift.
You have a basic need for solitude some of the time.
You have a beautiful singing voice.
You have ability to sense and know higher truth.
You have a captivating style all your own.
You have a deep understanding of other people's needs and feelings.
You have a great appreciation for beautiful things.
You have a great deal of energy and self-reliance.
You have a heart of gold.
You have a loving heart: let it show.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
You have an ambitious nature and will make a name for yourself.
You have a natural grace and a great consideration for others.
You have a natural grace and a great consideration of others.
You have an excellent capacity for making people feel at home.
You have an uncanny willingness and ability to help others.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
You have a sense of the dramatic and a tendency towards display.
You have a strong desire for personal freedom.
You have a strong desire to maintain peace.
You have a strong instinct to take care of people you love.
You have at your command the wisdom of the ages. Read!
You have a winning way. Keep it.
You have a wonderful sense of humor.
You have a yearning for perfection.
You have common sense and a lot of charm.
You have excellent concentration and are inclined to think deeply.
You have firmness, a clear sense of direction, and the drive to reach your goals.
You have foresight and imagination.
You have keen intuition and emotional sensitivity.
You have no problems in your home that you will not be able to solve.
You have only begun to scratch the surface of your real potential.
You have sound business sense.
You have strong, personal ideas and convictions. Treasure them.
You have the ability to be very persuasive.
You have the ability to channel your energies into constructive activities.
You have the ability to plan a practical course for yourself and follow through.
You have the ability to touch lives.
You have the attitude of a winner.
You have the exceptional ability to understand the fancies of marketable ideas.
You have the rare ability to recognize ability in others.
You have the rare gift to encourage ability in others.
You have the urge and the ability for major accomplishments.
You'll accomplish more if you start now.
You'll accomplish more later if you take some time for yourself.
You'll never know what you can do until you try.
You'll seldom experience regret for anything that you've done.
You love a good challenge.
You love life will soon be happy and harmonious.
You may be conservative, cautious and practical.
You may end up saving the day.
You may find your horizons suddenly broadened.
You may lose the small ones, but win the big ones.
You need to control your emotions. Keep 'em under wraps!
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You possess natural tact and good taste.
Your air of confidence naturally draws others to you.
Your best three doctors are faith, time and patience.
Your big ambitions will lead you to even bigger rewards.
Your career plans look bright.
Your careful nature will bring you financial success.
Your charm is quite irresistible.
Your cheerful outlook is one of your assets.
Your confidence and assurance attracts others.
Your contribution is significant.
Your courage will reap rewards for you.
Your critical insights can provide the stimulus for change.
Your dearest wish will come true.
Your dynamic eyes have attracted a secret admirer.
You're doomed to a life with a green thumb and a Midas touch.
Your energy is at a peak. Channel it into creative activities.
Your enthusiasm inspires people.
Your fastidious nature has much more fun this year!
Your fondest dream will come true within this year.
Your fortune is as sweet as a cookie.
Your friendship will be strengthened with someone close.
Your future will be harmonious.
Your genuine talent will find its way to success.
Your good listening skills will open many doors.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Your hard work will soon pay off.
Your hidden creative talents will soon be revealed.
Your home is a pleasant place from which you draw happiness.
Your independence shall lead you to bold adventures.
Your influence has a profound impact on others.
Your innovative nature will help you come up with a solution.
Your intuition will help guide you.
Your joyfulness will prolong your days.
Your kindness is surely to be repaid.
Your kindness will lead you to happiness.
Your knowledge will soon impress someone special.
Your life life will soon be happy and harmonious.
Your loyalties are clear when it comes to friends.
Your luck has been completely changed today.
Your luck is about to change.
Your luck will be changed today.
Your magnetic personality will draw people to you.
Your message must focus on the receiver. Ignore yourself.
Your mind is filled with new ideas. Make use of them.
Your natural charm will attract someone special.
Your original ideas will get you well-deserved recognition.
Your persistence will pay off soon.
Your plans will be rewarding.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
Your problem just became your stepping stone. Catch the moment.
Your sense of humor can light up a dreary day.
Your sense of humor will get you through difficult times.
Your sense of humor will soon cheer up a friend.
Your smile will always be your best asset.
Your sparkling eyes give a healing light to those you meet.
Your thoughts are highly regarded.
Your uniqueness is more than an outward appearance.
Your willing heart will help you achieve the impossible.
Your wit is sharp and quick. Avoid using sarcasm on an unsuspecting victim.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
You see everything that happens in terms of its larger meaning.
You shall seek out new adventures.
You should enhance your feminine side at this time.
You should pay for this dinner. Be generous.
You simplify your life in many ways and find great rewards.
You stand in your own light. Make it shine.
You take an optimistic view of life.
You tend to draw out the goodness in people.
You tend to leave no stones unturned in life.
You tend to spark the flame of enthusiasm in people.
You tend to think things out thoroughly and seriously.
Youth is a gift of nature. Middle age is a work of art.
You will always be successful in your professional career.
You will always be surrounded by those who love you.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will always live in interesting times.
You will attend an event and meet someone important.
You will attend an unusual party.
You will attrack cultured and artistic people to your home.
You will be awarded some great honor.
You will be a winner.
You will be blessed with longevity.
You will be called to fill a position of high honor and responsibility.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
You will become an accomplished writer.
You will be coming into a fortune.
You will be reunited with old friends.
You will be successful in a business of your own.
You will be successful in business and married life.
You will be successful in whatever you do.
You will be successful in your career.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be traveling to distant lands for business purposes.
You will be traveling to distant lands for business purposes.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will brighten someone's day.
You will broaden your horizons this month.
You will conquer obstacles to achieve success.
You will do better in real estate than in stocks.
You will enjoy doing something different this coming weekend.
You will enjoy good health; that is your form of wealth.
You will find good fortune in love.
You will find your solution where you least expect it.
You will get an offer that will be hard to turn down.
You will have a chance soon to make a profitable transaction.
You will have a chance soon to make a profitable transaction.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You will have good luck in business affairs.
You will have many friends when you need them.
You will have some wonderful new experiences.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will live a long, happy life.
You will live a long, prosperous life.
You will live a long time, long enough to open many, many fortune cookies.
You will make a change for the better.
You will make a fortune with your friend.
You will make a name for yourself.
You will make a name for yourself in the field of entertainment.
You will make many changes before setting satisfactory.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
You will move to a wonderful new home within the year.
You will obtain your goal if you maintain your course.
You will profit soon from an investment opportunity.
You will profit through experience.
You will receive a surprising gift very soon.
You will receive praise for a job well done.
You will soon be confronted with unlimited opportunities.
You will soon be crossing great ocean waters for an incredibly rewarding experience.
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
You will soon be in the limelight.
You will soon be involved in many gatherings, parties and communications.
You will soon be more aware of your growing awareness.
You will soon be reminded of a fond memory.
You will soon discover how truly fortunate you really are.
You will soon have your moment of glory.
You will soon make an important decision.
You will soon receive an unusual gift.
You will soon receive an unusual proposition.
You will soon take a very pleasant and successful trip.
You will spend many years in comfort and material wealth.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
You will spend your old age in comfort and material wealth.
You will spend your old age surrounded by comfort and wealth.
You will travel far and wide, both for pleasure and business.
You will travel to many exotic places.
You will travel to many places.
You won't be bored for long! New adventures are on their way.
You work best when meticulous attention to detail is called for.
You would make a good lawyer.
