One day a teacher asked her students to list the names of the other students
in the room on two sheets of paper, leaving a space between each name. Then 
she told them to think of the nicest thing they could say about each of
their classmates and write it down.  It took the remainder of the class
period to finish their assignment and as the students left the room, each 
one handed in the papers.

That Saturday, the teacher wrote down the name of each student on a separate
sheet of paper, and listed what everyone else had said about that individual.

On Monday, she gave each student his or her own list.  Before long, the
entire class was smiling.  "Really?" she heard whispered.  "I never knew
that I meant anything to anyone!" and, "I didn't know others liked me so
much," were most of the comments.

No one ever mentioned those papers in class again.  She never knew if they
discussed them after class or with their parents, but it didn't matter.  The
exercise had accomplished its purpose.  The students were happy with
themselves and one another.  That group of students moved on.

Several years later, one of the students was killed in Vietnam and his
teacher attended the funeral of that special student.  She had never seen a
serviceman in a military coffin before.  He looked so handsome, so mature.
The church was packed with his friends.  One by one those who loved him took
a last walk by the coffin.  The teacher was the last one to bless the coffin.

As she stood there, one of the soldiers who acted as pallbearer came up to
her.  "Were you Mark's math teacher?" he asked.  She nodded, "Yes."  Then he
said, "Mark talked about you a lot."

After the funeral, most of Mark's former classmates went together to a
luncheon.  Mark's mother and father were there, obviously waiting to speak
with his teacher.  "We want to show you something," his father said, taking
a wallet out of his pocket.  "They found this on Mark when he was killed.
We thought you might recognize it."

Opening the billfold, he carefully removed two worn pieces of notebook paper
that had obviously been taped, folded and refolded many times.  The teacher
knew without looking that the papers were the ones on which she had listed
all the good things eachof Mark's classmates had said about him.  "Thank you
so much for doing that," Mark's mother said.  "As you can see, Mark 
treasured it."

All of Mark's former classmates started to gather around.  Charlie smiled
rather sheepishly and said, "I still have my list.  It's in the top drawer
of my desk at home."  Chuck's wife said, "Chuck asked me to put his in our
wedding album."  "I have mine too," Marilyn said.  "It's in my diary."  Then
Vicki, another classmate, reached into her pocketbook, took out her wallet
and showed her worn and frazzled list to the group.  "I carry this with me
at all times," Vicki said, and without batting an eyelash, she continued:
"I think we all saved our lists."

That's when the teacher finally sat down and cried.  She cried for Mark and
for all his friends who would never see him again.

The density of people in society is so thick that we forget that life will
end one day.  And we don't know when that one day will be.  So please, tell
the people you love and care for, that they are special and important.  Tell
them before it is too late.