!Critique
You're probably capable of singing better than that.
You know what I mean.
It was like something ... not quite right.
I think you could have done better than this, but well done.
I thought that technically it was a good audition.
I was watching you on the monitor and there's no spark.
You look dead, like fish on a slab.
This isn't going to make me very popular, but I'm going to say it.
You have a great personality, great voice.
Brilliant choice of song.
I thought it was good.
I'm not jumping out of my chair, but it was good.
Very, very, very good.
So what.
I mean it, but I don't mean it rudely.
Sometimes you walk away from these shows thinking, "God, that was amazing."
And then some people you go, "So what?"
It was quite a cabaret performance.
It was a bit kinda "small bar Las Vegas."  Not big bar.
You're capable of better than this.
It was a bit old-fashioned.
You're better than that.
unchained melody
I just thought that it was ok.
no sparks
a lot of nerves
bad song choices
I think the reality is, I've heard better people sing outside subway stations.
Look, [saying]
You were horrible.
I agree with Paula.
Good voice.
You're good.  I'm just bored today.
Let me just put this into perspective.  If you were to win, and sing a song, \
you would kill the American record industry.  That's how bad you are.
I don't want to be rude, but you could be the worst singer in New York.
Very, very, very good.  You're one of the few people who've come in here and \
made it look effortless.
You have a very, very good tone to your voice.
Great singer.
That wasn't dreadful, and it wasn't horrible.  It was absolutely ghastly.
You can't sing.
There's only so much punishment a human being can take.
I can't take any more.
I liked your voice.  I just don't like the way you look, if I'm being honest.
Without this competition, you walked into all the record labels in New York, \
I don't think any of them would be jumping out of their offices.
You have one of the worst voices I have ever heard.  Truthfully.  It is \
absolutely terrible.  You can't sing.
Go out of here, call up your vocal coach, and demand a refund.
You have a very good voice.  Very good voice.
One of the few people who have made that song interesting.
I think you have a beautiful voice.
You're one of the worst singers I've ever heard in my life.
*stunned silence*
You have so much more than a lot of people we have put through, which is you \
make a good pop star.
You look great.  You sound good.  Very good.  Very good.
Everything hideous.
Not even for Bulgarian Idol.
I've heard better.
Very good.  Your timing was a bit off, but very good.
You have a nice face and a very good voice.
It sounded to me like you were shouting.
Your mouth is over accentuated.
Interesting.  You looked at the end how I look in a dentist's chair.  You \
looked really miserable at the end of the performance.  In pain.
That was not good.  You really chose the wrong song.
It didn't suit your voice.
It didn't sound very good.
You're singing the wrong kind of song.  You look the part.  You could sing \
the part.
It just looks right, you standing there where it says American Idol.
When you started to sing, the first thing that went through my mind is that
you sound like someone who should be singing on a cruise ship.  Then,
halfway through the song, I imagined the ship singing.
You put me in a good mood now.
This is the time to really really shine, and it was unimpressive.
I was really impressed!
That was a fantastic performance.  Really really fantastic.
It was great.  Really, really great.
One of the most difficult songs to sing, that song.  I thought you did \
brilliantly.
It wasn't good enough.  Sorry.
You had about as much passion as a kitten mewing.  Give it something!  It \
was so wrong for you, that song.
I thought it was a terrible audition.
Wrong song choice, and I just think you are capable of better.
I think you are the package.  One of the best we've seen in the \
whole competition.
It was good.  I'm not jumping out of my chair.  It was, in the words of \
Paula Abdul, "Good job."
Maybe I'm just in a bad mood.  *pout*
Why haven't you been signed up by a record label?
You will never, ever, in a million years, make a carreer out of being a \
singer.
I think you're amazing.  Amazingly dreadful.  Really.  Seriously.  \
I don't think another human being on the planet will ever sing like you.  \
I think you are one-off.  Thank God!
Brilliant.
For me, this has been one of the best auditions of the competition so far.
You just have a natural talent.  Fabulous.  Really, really good.
You're one of the worst singers I've ever heard in my life.
Very good.
Honestly, I don't think you're cut out for this.
If you could imagine Linda Blair in the Excorcist singing at the point she \
was all that on the bed, that's what it sounded like.  There are six of you \
in there.
Very good voice.
Dreadful.
That was absolutely dreadful.
You can't sing.
Thank you God.  Brilliant.
It's absolutely the business.  You are the business.  You are what this \
competition is looking for.  Seriously, what it is all about.
I can't hear any more of that.
Are you serious about wanting to be a singer?  Let me tell you your \
problem.  Your problem is that if you want to be successful, (A) you've \
got to have talent and (B) hopefully a role model.  Trust me.  You're not \
a role model.  You're not.  It's ghastly.  And then you can't sing to back \
it up.
This girl can sing.  Thank God for you.  Great.  Really really good.  Really \
good.
I think you're a nice person, and I think you've got a very nice voice.  \
I think that your presentation is your weakest part about you.  You are not \
a great performer.  But I think you have a very nice voice.
I think you need training.
I'd say you hair is the best part of the audition.
That was absolutely atrocious.
You just didn't make the grade.  It was as simple as that.  Some people \
do.  Some people don't.  It wasn't good enough.
Well, that *was* my favorite song of all time.
All I could think of while you were performing was how I would pay you to \
stop.
It was just exhausting.  That was so over the top.
Very good.  You don't look like a pop star, but you've got a great voice.
You know your problem?  You don't sing like a pop star.  You sing like \
a cabaret singer.  I can imagine you on a boat in the Carribbean.  A big \
boat.  You can make a living out of your voice, but you're not coming to \
Hollywood.
Get better.
I think you're possibly the worst singer in the world, based on that \
performance.  I've never ever heard anything like that in my life.
You've got to hear yourself to believe it.  There is nobody on this planet \
that sings like you.
That was terrible.
Very good voice.
Very, very good.
I think you've got a good recording voice.
Good personality.  Good singing voice.  Makes a big difference.
You have a great voice.  Boy do you have a good voice.
Really good voice.  I think this guy's in the top 5% of the voices we've \
heard.
You've just invented a new form of torture.
I'd pay you not to sing.
I thought it was a good performance.  I'm not sure I loved that song on \
you.  It would have been nice to hear you sing something else that could \
have expressed your voice.
I don't think you're right for this competition.
You have a good voice.  The performances are not good enough.
If you compare to some of the "singers" we had in our top 10 last year, \
you are a million times better.  Having said that, I don't know if that was \
good enough to get into the top 10 this time around.
You are what this competition is all about.  We are looking for a star.  \
You are a star.  Everything about that performance was sensational.  You set \
the standard for this competition.
Great.  I thought you were fantastic, you were great.  Probably technically \
the best we've heard in the competition so far.
It was ok.  It wasn't fantastic.  Ok.  But we can do better.
I thought that you were very good.  I think you could lose a few pounds.
I think you got through it.  It was good.
Excellent.  Best so far tonight.  Well done.
I wasn't that impressed.
I thought you sounded very good, but if I'm being honest, I thought that \
performance was "Motown, the Musical."
I just see you more as a better entertainer rather than what we are looking \
for in this competition.
I think you did great.
That was outstanding.
That was such an amazing performance.  That is what this competition is all \
about.  Sensational.
I don't think you pulled it off at the end.  Actually, it sounded quite \
painful to me at the end.  Maybe I'll play it back on tv and it'll all sound \
good.  But it was a bit like, "Christ!"
Sensational.  You have a fantastic recording voice.
Amazing singer.
We haven't seen your potential yet.  I could see that performance in any \
theme park across America.  Any theme park.  You'll see the same thing.  No \
difference.  I'm sorry.  It's true.  You've got to be better than that.  You \
just gotta find your X factor in this competition.  Because that, I promise \
you, I can see any time in the week across America, or England, or anywhere \
around the world.  No big deal.  Whoopee.
Not the best song I've ever heard.
The song was ok.  That could have been disco on ice.  Heard it a million \
times.  Terrible skaters, and they sing at the same time.  They fall down.
Good.  I thought that it left me a bit cold.  Not great.
Very well chosen song.  It was beautiful.
The show is called "American Idol:  The Search for a Superstar."  I saw \
someone who should be performing at a children's party.  You can see that in \
any party across America.  It just wasn't good enough.
Clowns can entertain.  It doesn't make them the American Idol.
I liked it.
I just thought 6.5 out of 10.  Whoopee.
Within the context of this competition, I thought that was terrible.
Maybe I'm just missing the plot here.  I'm looking for a future superstar, \
and based on that, I'm just not getting it.
I'm still not blown away.  You can't compare that to Whitney or Chaka-Kan.
Working for a record label, you try to separate what separates good singers \
from future stars.  I think you should win this competition.
I thought you did Ryan Seacrest's favorite song justice.
